I have always been fascinated by how
some of my favorite brands do marketing
especially brands like drift
for example that went from zero to
75,000 monthly users according to HR F's
zero to sixty thousand keywords and
that's where drift was when my buddy
bill King arrived there to run SEO and
paid acquisition and he was just
surprised by how much content they were
putting out blogs podcasts webinar video
all sorts of their PDFs they were making
physical books I got a couple here on
the shelf
and stuff he was amazed at how much
content they were putting out but there
was one key thing that he implemented
right away that really changed the
trajectory of drifts marketing and if
you're a SAS or software marketer it's
the number one thing you need to
implement today whether you're going
into a new position or not here's how
Bill and I think about marketing in the
b2b SAS space tell me about like SEO at
drift right now like I can only see from
the outside looking in like the href
sharp looks pretty solid especially in
the last few months like things are
picking up um tell me more about that
like what's when your process getting
things done but also from like assassin
like b2b space like tell me about like
the the SEO play there yeah so the thing
that came really obvious to me when I
was considering coming here was wow the
amount of stuff that this room is just
crazy like they've got podcasts they've
got YouTube they've got like the blog is
shipping stuff everywhere they're
creating like new product caters it was
like I couldn't believe the amount of
output it was happening from such a
small team but that presents its own
challenges because if you don't have the
right systems in place that can actually
be a problem right because you're
sending stuff out it might not have the
biggest impact so when I focused on when
I first started here was how do I help
those other people get the bank the best
impact from the stuff they're doing
put those processes and systems in place
and get people excited about traffic
like if your team is only focused on
just shipping stuff out then
you need to get them aligned to things
that you're aligned with right so like
doing some analysis on the blog and
saying hey guys I know that we're like
pumped about sending out as much stuff
as possible but look at this look at
this curve that starts from the first
week when the blog is on page one as it
gets deeper through the site and it's
not optimized for a keyword all that
effort you just put into and week two is
gone and those types of things that are
really powerful so as you can see it
really doesn't matter what your role is
bill Leeds SEO and paid acquisition at
drift but it doesn't matter what kind of
marketing you're doing you have to rally
your team in the greater team at large
behind the marketing goals that you've
set if you can do that you are all set
if you're new here my name is Brendan
Hufford I'm the director of SEO at an
agency called directive where we do
performance marketing for some of the
world's biggest software companies a
couple awesome things you can check out
in the description below also trying to
link them up here I've got a playlist of
the rest of my interview with Bill King
if you found this to be really valuable
definitely check that out as well as a
playlist with some of my best b2b
marketing tips and sass and software
marketing tips as well if you're stoked
about SEO as I am two things you can do
number one subscribe to this channel
number two number two go to 100 days of
seo.com slash challenge get the free
five-day SEO challenge there level up in
just five days if you're creating videos
in podcasts like I am go to pod Richard
comm Jackie and the team at pod reacher
or who I use to turn videos like this
and even my podcast episodes into really
amazing high quality search content and
I would love I would love to kind of
wrap this up by letting me know in the
comments below what hasn't worked for
you let's come misery in the comments a
little bit what has I'll go first
so scroll down check out my comment
it'll be the one that's pinned that's
what hasn't worked for me but tell me in
the comments below what hasn't worked
for you and marketing and I'll see you
in the next video I've been Brendon
Hufford don't forget to work hard be
nice people and don't get too lost
trying to create something that matters
[Music]